We've talked about the arguments object before in this video might seem a little nitpicky but it is
important to know about this subtle detail especially given how the arguments object might be used.
So let's make a made up function like function foo and then we'll do like first parameter and we'll
do second.
Then all we'll do is just cancel dialog arguments argue it will not let me spell this correctly arguments
and then after that we'll pass an A and then we'll pass in a string a B call it a day.
As you can see it prints out this lovely lovely object right here and it's got it this array.
So in this case you can see it's zeros A and then one is B nothing new.
Right.
And we have a length of two.
Now if we pass in only one argument of course the length of it will change.
So now you can see there's only one item in the arguments array and it has a length of 1 because we
only passed him one argument.
The weird thing about the arguments object is if we do something like this Modu cancelled logs and since
we're going to be doing a lot of these I would definitely recommend just copy and paste and this bad
boy right here then and what I'm going to do is I'm going to see if first is equal to then arguments
and I'm going to access the first item in the arguments array.
And after that we're going to do the same thing right here and we're going to move this over.
I hate when it does that and we'll do second.
Equals arguments one like so.
Now if we say this of course this is going to be true.
Right.
So whenever I call this we'll just pass in some dummy stuff will pass and a and b like so and you're
going to see it equals true true because obviously the item in this array was the same as the actual
argument that was passed then.
But now let's get a little different Let's try let's say to change the parameters values so change it
to see and change second to D then we'll consulate or log the arguments object like so and then I'm
going to copy and paste this because I want to do the exact same thing.
I just want to compare them.
So in this case load them in you can see it actually updated.
So now let's go ahead and cancel it out log.
The original array like so pop that in place you can see that the actual arguments object updates every
time that we make changes to the values of the parameters.
So in this case it completely updated it.
And that is why whenever we compare them the second time to see if they're true it automatically changes
the arguments array.
So the first that we say here is equal to arguments 0 right here.
Now the interesting thing about that is it's kind of unexpected for some people you wouldn't expect
this object to automatically update every time you make changes to your parameter and it won't if you
use something like use strict mode.
MIKE So you're going to see that it actually stays the same instead of doing.
True True True True it's going to do.
True true false false.
So whenever you're in use strict mode it's not going to activate this behavior.
And the arguments object will not update alongside the parameter values that you change but if commented
out you can see it does update.
Why am I talking about this.
Well if default parameter values are present inside of your code this behavior with use strict is automatically
activated.
So I'm going to get really strict just commented out and you can see that update still.
But in this case I'm going to define a default value.
So in this case I'll just define random string like that.
And you can see that the arguments object doesn't update now.
And on top of that if I go ahead and I get rid of my original value that I pass in you can see that
the length of the arguments object is once again one because I only passed in one argument.
So just something important to keep in mind given how the arguments object can be used if default parameter
values are present.
This arguments object will automatically behave as if it were in use strict mode.